hey guys explanation pro is here today
i'll explain a horror disaster movie
titled bugs
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
it's an unbelievable night a ship is in
the center of the sea and the waves wing
the ship there's a scientist inside this
boat who is developing a bug
his invention for his purpose is very
much to be produced
fortunately his creature succeeds but
later the insect gets out of the tube
the scientist bravely finds a queen bug
and he instantly picks it up when he
sees it he is so happy about his
creation that he takes the bee in his
hand but the queen bug sadly devours him
the queen bug does became large and
continues to reproduce continuously till
the entire ship gets full
because the ship are now packed with
bugs these bugs spring off the ship and
spread over the sea
in the next scene a girl named faye
wakes up zhang in order to share a
picture the picture reveals the pilot is
with a girl wearing a bikini while
operating the airplane
zhang starts approaching the pilot but
the girl argues that they have to leave
them and do their thing but zhang
discloses on the other hand that he
previously recognized this image
her joke is torn down and the subject
swiftly changes
zhang's seat mate is asking him to
borrow the magazine this grown-up man is
surprised by the photos inside the
magazine he finds it astonishing as
there are many sexy girls
zhang shares his ability how to take it
and that behind such aesthetic pictures
is an excellent photographer which is
him
zhang and his assistant fey make their
way to the seaside resort zhang meets
his editor there he begins to inform his
friend about the surprise proposal and
his buddy agrees to it to support his
plan
not long afterward a young lady named
mai chi is on the phone when the bug
emerges from the sink
this girl is shocked and attempts to
kill it and subsequently asks her
grandfather for assistance
her grandfather notices the insect and
sprays it however he later picks it up
despite its strange appearance
the reason behind this is because his
grandfather is an insect collector
he magnifies the insect to examine it
closely but the creature attacks him and
flees to reclaimed sink
zhang's buddy is enroute to deliver the
cart of food
the doorbell rings when zhang and fei
are snuggling and kissing each other
zhang raises to open the door and
inquires about the presence of the ring
and convinces his friend to step outside
but his friend is ecstatic to witness
the surprise as a result his companion
continues to ring the doorbell to
encourage jang to let him join
and to their luck faye is still taking a
shower before they are apprehended
ultimately his friend stops and zhang
hides the ring as they proceed to the
show
the show is now running kevin is taking
advantage of his privileges in order to
befriend the stunning girls
however zhang enters the picture to
interview kevin while zhang is posing
his questions kevin becomes distracted
when mai chi begins speaking in front of
the audience she is overjoyed to be part
of that event everyone cheers and
screams as she speaks while everyone is
in grass of the show the thief begins
destroying the cctv system in order to
avoid detection when they successfully
wreck it they nip into every room and
grab any money or valuables they can get
while disguising as a cleaner
maiji is savoring her moment beneath an
umbrella when kevin approaches her and
strikes up a conversation
kevin expresses all his goods and
requests an interview on the boat which
maiji agrees because according to her it
is part of her job when everybody is
having a good time grooving to the beat
of the music drinking various alcohol
beverages loud the fat teeth is on the
verge of death an insect comes out of
his nose when he spits and shocks him
because the creature has begun devouring
his flesh
meanwhile everyone is maximizing their
happiness at the party and unaware of
the impending arrival of the bugs the
bugs continue to spread and will
eventually result in a tsunami
the pleasant location has been flipped
the majority of them ripped apart and
bitten by bugs the once beautiful beach
has devolved into horrific sea of blood
at this time everyone is scrambling to
protect themselves and flee from the
bugs
zhang fey and others manage to hide in a
room but the bugs are so desperate to
consume them all so the bugs create a
hole and finally begin devouring them
but a gentleman fires the hole which
causes the bugs to burn
kevin maichi and their associates are
having a good time aboard only on a
lovely girl notices a ship in the midst
of their revelry
everyone is taken aback by the rustic
ship
kevin becomes thirsty and called the
attention of the editor
who he addresses as dick he directs him
to board the ship and procure some
liquor
dick is not comfortable obtaining it
because there is no other way to get
there except by swimming however kevin
continues to insist on it and dick
remains loyal to kevin
in the next scene the bugs continue to
multiply in the hotel the hotel quickly
becomes infested with bugs but a
gentleman puts an end to it prior to the
ascending he plays a gas canister and
finally threw a lighter resulting in a
large fire in the hotel
currently a numerous bug is on fire and
eventually died
because they are dead the individuals
hiding in the room immediately leave
zhang on the other hand notices a burnt
man in a red box this box contains his
wedding ring which he takes and hides in
his pocket
dick is still on the lookout for
beverages within the ship and during his
quest he comes upon several drinks which
he gathers
he's ready to depart the ship when he is
snatched by the queen bug who eventually
devours him
kevin is concerned about dick's absence
as a result he invites his colleagues to
accompany him on the ship while kevin is
hunting for dick he comes across a can
of beer and consumes it and after he
continues his search
he discovers the queen insect while
looking at first he assumed it was dick
he continues to shout out nick's name
and hurled a can of beer but to a
surprise it is not dick he is calling
but the queen bug as a result he flees
as swiftly as possible and the queen bug
pursues him however the queen bug is
faster than him and as a result he is
devoured
meanwhile maichi and her colleagues
notice a noise coming from the ship's
interior they first didn't mind it but
maichi is genuinely concerned about
kevin so she excuses herself from her
colleagues to pursue kevin she
encounters the queen bug during her hunt
and flees in haste to avoid being stung
fortunately maiji notices a room she
flings it open and shut however she is
too frightened which causes her to
scream
the queen bug locates her and attempts
to open the door however the queen bug
is unable to open it which is why it
cracks a glass and extends its tongue to
pursue her however she is extremely
fortunate since the queen bug becomes
bored and discards her inside the room
zhang's colleagues are scurrying the
ship for survivors
they come across a queen bug while
investigating the ship they sprint as
quickly as they can till they get
dispersed at this moment the queen bug
notices jang and face hiding location
and immediately begins chasing them and
unfortunately the queen bug gets a
chance to capture faye's foot
out of love for faye zhang bravely
searches for anything that can save fae
he notices a medal and rapidly stabs a
queen bug making it feeble
they believed they were already safe but
the queen bug managed to remove the
medal and began chasing them
grandpa enters the scene at this point
he is fortunate to find maiji inside the
room while searching for her
however grandpa hears a sound and
pursues it he notices the queen bug at
this point and swiftly gets the axe to
stab it however grandpa is unable to
eliminate it and the queen bug fights
back against grandpa
still he is fortunate because another
man enters the scenario and begins
killing it with a gun faye courageously
assists the guy in fighting it with a
chainsaw but due to her inexperience in
using it she fails to cut the queen bug
since no bullets remain they decide to
escape fast they notice a ladder on the
ship's second deck and they quickly
ascend however the queen bug reached
them
at this point everyone is in a state of
fear they are on the verge of giving up
hope of conquering the queen bug but
fortunately maichi believes that
electrifying the queen bug will
eliminate it
while maichi and zhang arranged the live
wire fae uses the chainsaw to distract
it bravely however as zhang begins
electrifying the queen bug but
eventually got removed from the outlet
because the wire is too short the queen
bug is on the verge of pursuing them but
fey is truly courageous she successfully
cuts the queen bug's body with the
chainsaw finally the queen bug has been
harmed and is unable to pursue and
swallow human flesh
they are now preparing to disembark from
the ship however zhang takes this
opportunity to propose to fey ultimately
fey is taken aback by the proposal but
she requests that zhang should make it
more romantic she wishes to do it in a
manner in which a man proposes to his
wife like in romantic films because jan
generally desires to pursue fae so he
does her request following that fay's
heart is flustering at the moment she
lost control at this point and she
expresses her joy by sprinting all over
the ship quickly her dash appears to be
like flash in a superhero film she is
delightful in a way that words cannot
explain the film concludes with maiji
bandaging her father's wounds and fate
continues to push zhang to be more
romantic in fixing the ring on her hand
fae wishes for a better conclusion for
her videos for the sake of her followers
happiness but the queen bugged soon
ascends to meet them again and the story
ended
this film is directed by yangjia
starring excellent actors and actresses
shiasito zhang celine eric wang and
spinkstein the plot of this film is a
typical type of film that existed in the
early 1990s already
its genre is the usual disaster that we
could anticipate the death of many but
what makes it outstanding is that they
added a twist to make it new
although the genre is a 3d science
fiction disaster thriller it contains
elements of comedy and romance that
truly capture the audience's hearts
zhang and fei a professional
photographer are fortunate to survive
the queen bug attack and as a result
zhang takes the opportunity to make his
proposal following the disaster
faye manages to make light of their
situation even though many people have
died due to multiplying bugs that are on
the verge of devouring them
at first our minds will focus on the
thrilling sensation in watching the
torturing and killing of a large number
of people we had no way of knowing
whether zhang's plans would succeed a
different ending could pop up into our
mind but still the ending is still
absurd that leaves an open door for any
conclusion or might be a continuation of
this film
however the film plots an excellent
story and succeeds in incorporating a
variety of genres
unlike other films which tends to focus
exclusively on one or two genres this
one is unique
it nailed and made a mark in the movie
history
thank you so much for watching if you
enjoyed this video please hit the like
button and also subscribe to my channel
for more videos like this see you in the
next video